
https://codepen.io/siraju/full/jOMqOOe


Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? html tags that add meaningful change 

    2. What is HTML used for? to format and display static webpages 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attribute gives extra information =o the tag and we put it inside of a tags

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 indicates the heading is used once in a page (recommended)

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? (a) (img)

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata (style sheets, imported fonts, char)

    7. What is an id? selector to select a specific elements, gives the tag a unique identifier

    8. What elements can I add an id to? any element 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once

    10. What is a class? groups that are used multiple times 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? any element 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target= '_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? text that describes the image ,helps disable people 

    15. How do I reference an id? #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section is semantic and div is not 

    17. What is CSS used for? style web page 

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page - h2 { }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one - class is used for multiple items and id for one. Class is used for paragraphs and id is used for one specific image of a person 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p .human{ }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? a parent surrounds the child , example - ul and li , 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? a .sidebar{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector? :hover {}, define a special state of an element 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height: 

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing: ;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: ;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? * {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?  /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm  , its permanent deletion 

    34. Why should I use version control? track changes by contributor 

    35. How often should I commit to github? as often as possible, esp after changes 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  git push origin -u "branch-name"

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. FORK - Clone - Branch - Add - Commit - Push - Pull 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 